README.md, before:

﻿# Read When Hungry

This is a mod for **The Long Dark** by Hinterland Studio, Inc.

It allows the user to read when they might not be able to otherwise.

## Special Thanks

[MikeyPdog](https://github.com/MikeyPdog) is the original creator of Read When Hungry. I am very grateful for all the contributions he made to the modding community.

## [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/ds5678)

I know many people might skip over this, but I hope you don't. You are so special, and I would appreciate your support. Modding takes lots of time, and I have expenses like food, internet, and rent. If you feel that I have improved your playing experience, please consider supporting me on my [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/ds5678). Your support helps to ensure that I can continue making mods for you at the pace I am :)

## Installation

1. If you haven't done so already, install MelonLoader by downloading and running [MelonLoader.Installer.exe](https://github.com/HerpDerpinstine/MelonLoader/releases/latest/download/MelonLoader.Installer.exe)
2. Download the latest version of `ReadWhenHungry.dll` from the [releases page](https://github.com/ds5678/ReadWhenHungry/releases).
3. Download the latest version of `ModSettings.dll` from the [releases page](https://github.com/zeobviouslyfakeacc/ModSettings/releases).
4. Move `ReadWhenHungry.dll` and `ModSettings.dll` into the Mods folder in your TLD install directory.

Commit message:

New maintainer, bump version to 5.0.0

README.md, after:

﻿# Read When Hungry

This is a mod for **The Long Dark** by Hinterland Studio, Inc.

It allows the user to read when they might not be able to otherwise.

## Special Thanks

[MikeyPdog](https://github.com/MikeyPdog) is the original creator of Read When Hungry. I am very grateful for all the contributions he made to the modding community.
[ds5678](https://github.com/ds5678) is the prior maintainer of Read When Hungry. His continued contributions to the TLD modding community are greatly appreciated.

## Installation

1. If you haven't done so already, install MelonLoader by downloading and running [MelonLoader.Installer.exe](https://github.com/HerpDerpinstine/MelonLoader/releases/latest/download/MelonLoader.Installer.exe)
2. Download the latest version of `ReadWhenHungry.dll` from the [releases page](https://github.com/bushtail/ReadWhenHungry/releases).
3. Download the latest version of `ModSettings.dll` from the [releases page](https://github.com/zeobviouslyfakeacc/ModSettings/releases).
4. Move `ReadWhenHungry.dll` and `ModSettings.dll` into the Mods folder in your TLD install directory.
